Docs(Partner SDK): Truncate docs fix (#118)
fivetran/fivetran_partner_sdk: development-guide/source-connector-development-guide.md

### Update
The `Update` RPC call should retrieve data from the source. We send a request using the `UpdateRequest` message, which includes the user's connection state, credentials, and schema information. The response, streaming through the `UpdateResponse` message, can contain data records and other supported operations.

### Record types

#### Upsert

> The `upsert` record type essentially translates to a delete + insert SQL operation, ie, if a row with that primary key is already present in the destination, it will first be deleted then re-inserted. If the row with that primary key does not exist in the destination, it boils down to a simple insert.

Reviewer: @rajat-kushwaha upsert is an operation type that is applied to a record, not a record type per se, isn't it?

Reviewer: I see that we might classify the records by the applied operation.
Can we have this clarification in the heading, like "Record types as defined by operation"?

Reviewer: Also, all instances of "ie" should be "i.e." = "id est"

> This means that `upsert` always requires all columns to be present in the record even if they are not modified in the source. If a column is absent, the value will be updated to `null` in the destination.

Reviewer: How do we define if "a column is present in the source"? Do we use key-value pairs?

Author: @5tran-alexil Saying "a column is present in the source" is not correct. It should be "record" instead of "source". 
Upsert is supposed to be called on a record, and that record can or cannot contain a particular column. It depends on the implementation of the connector, ie, the authors decide whether to put that column in the record or not.

Author: Suggestion from @5tran-alexil : Highlight that updating the column to null shouldn't happen.

Reviewer: @rajat-kushwaha Something like 
```suggestion
This means that `upsert` always requires all columns to be present in the record even if they are not modified in the source.

> IMPORTANT: If a column is absent, the value will be updated to `null` in the destination, which should not happen.
```

This is the most frequently used record type.

#### Update

> The `update` record type should be used when you want to partially update a row in the destination, ie, only the columns present in the record will be updated. The rest of the columns will remain unchanged. If a row with that primary key is not present in the destination, it is simply ignored.

Reviewer: What is "a row with that primary key is not present in the destination"? Does the logic compares the primary key of the row and what column values have been changed in the source for the matching record?

Author: "a row with that primary key is not present in the destination" means that in the previous syncs, the record was never synced, ie, written to the destination. 
A record when written to the destination is called a row. A row/record is identified using its primary keys.

Author: > Does the logic compares the primary key of the row and what column values have been changed in the source for the matching record?

Yes, that is correct.

#### Delete
The `delete` record type is used to soft delete a particular record in the destination. If a record with that primary key is not present in the destination, it is simply ignored.

#### Truncate
The truncate record type is used to soft delete any rows that existed prior to the timestamp when truncate is called. Soft delete means updating the _`fivetran_deleted` column of a row to `true`.

> It should be called before upserts only — otherwise, all rows in the table will be incorrectly marked as soft deleted.

Reviewer: Why is Truncate is documented after Upsert if calling it after Upsert will result in rows incorrectly marked a soft deleted?

Author: @5tran-alexil  The order in which they are talked about in the documentation doesn't really matter. However, we can move it above if you think that's more appropriate.

`Truncate` is especially useful during a re-sync (an initial sync triggered again). It marks all rows that existed before the re-sync started as soft deleted, since we cannot guarantee the re-sync will overwrite them all (records deleted in the source will not be fetched and hence not overwritten). It identifies these rows by checking where _`fivetran_synced` is less than the timestamp when `truncate` was called, and sets _`fivetran_deleted` = `true` for them.

> Unlike other record types mentioned above, `truncate` operates on the entire table rather than on individual rows.

Reviewer: We might want then to define the scope (row vs table) for each action type in their descriptions.

This means that `upsert` always requires all columns to be present in the record even if they are not modified in the source. If a column is absent, the value will be updated to `null` in the destination.
This is the most frequently used record type.

#### Update
Scope: Row
The `update` record type should be used when you want to partially update a row in the destination, i.e., only the columns present in the record will be updated. The rest of the columns will remain unchanged. If a row with that primary key is not present in the destination, it is simply ignored.

#### Delete
Scope: Row
The `delete` record type is used to soft delete a particular record in the destination. If a record with that primary key is not present in the destination, it is simply ignored.

#### Truncate
Scope: Table
The truncate record type is used to soft delete any rows that existed prior to the timestamp when truncate is called. Soft delete means updating the _`fivetran_deleted` column of a row to `true`.

It should be called before upserts only — otherwise, all rows in the table will be incorrectly marked as soft deleted.

> `Truncate` is particularly useful during a re-sync (i.e., when an initial sync is triggered again). Because re-syncs do not fetch records that have been deleted in the source, we can't guarantee that all existing rows will be overwritten. To prevent stale data from persisting, `truncate` soft deletes all rows that existed before the re-sync began. It does this by identifying rows where `_fivetran_synced` is earlier than the timestamp when `truncate` was called, and setting `_fivetran_deleted = true for them`.

Reviewer 2: `_fivetran_deleted = true for them` -> `_fivetran_deleted = true` for them.

> `Truncate` is particularly useful during a re-sync (i.e., when an initial sync is triggered again). Because re-syncs do not fetch records that have been deleted in the source, we can't guarantee that all existing rows will be overwritten. To prevent stale data from persisting, `truncate` soft deletes all rows that existed before the re-sync began. It does this by identifying rows where `_fivetran_synced` is earlier than the timestamp when `truncate` was called, and setting `_fivetran_deleted = true` for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Truncate` is useful when a re-sync is triggered (i.e., when an historical sync is triggered again). Because re-syncs do not fetch records that have been deleted in the source, we can't guarantee that all existing rows will be overwritten. To prevent stale data from persisting, `truncate` soft deletes all rows that existed before the re-sync began. It does this by identifying rows where `_fivetran_synced` is earlier than the timestamp when `truncate` was called, and setting `_fivetran_deleted = true` for them.
```

> `Truncate` is particularly useful during a re-sync (i.e., when an initial sync is triggered again). Because re-syncs do not fetch records that have been deleted in the source, we can't guarantee that all existing rows will be overwritten. To prevent stale data from persisting, `truncate` soft deletes all rows that existed before the re-sync began. It does this by identifying rows where `_fivetran_synced` is earlier than the timestamp when `truncate` was called, and setting `_fivetran_deleted = true` for them.

Reviewer: @rajat-kushwaha let's move truncate to the start of the section since it;s the first operation that will be called in logic.

#### Delete
Scope: Row
The `delete` record type is used to soft delete a particular record in the destination. If a record with that primary key is not present in the destination, it is simply ignored.

#### Truncate
Scope: Table
The truncate record type is used to soft delete any rows that existed prior to the timestamp when truncate is called. Soft delete means updating the _`fivetran_deleted` column of a row to `true`.

It should be called before upserts only — otherwise, all rows in the table will be incorrectly marked as soft deleted.

`Truncate` is useful during a [re-sync](https://fivetran.com/docs/using-fivetran/features#resync) (i.e., when an [historical sync](https://fivetran.com/docs/getting-started/glossary#historicalsync) is triggered again). Because re-syncs do not fetch records that have been deleted in the source, we can't guarantee that all existing rows will be overwritten. To prevent stale data from persisting, `truncate` soft deletes all rows that existed before the re-sync began. It does this by identifying rows where `_fivetran_synced` is earlier than the timestamp when `truncate` was called, and setting `_fivetran_deleted = true` for them.

> Unlike other record types mentioned above, `truncate` operates on the entire table rather than on individual rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Truncate` is the first operation performed during both initial syncs and re-syncs. Unlike `upsert`, `update`, and `delete`, which apply to individual rows, truncate operates on the entire table.
```
